the rats little léa I missed you my
poor darling give me your hand you want
caresses the cheek does not drop your
head like ludo yes what are you doing here
down I read I'm learning I must
shows that I am intelligent even
time that gilles beck asylum h - that one
is on vacation is enjoying my guy I
think we'll agree to say
that this intro was useless
a waste of time but it does not matter
short we are on vacation and must
simply enjoy
there is so much to say about
holidays that I will have to sort
the stuff between the gestures and the
words of people on vacation one could
make a movie
we will start with bars like you
know it along the beaches or on
along the harbor we always have small
bars that offer their services
you've already noticed that in
some bars on vacation the price of
drinks
because when you see a coke
simple fact 4 euros you put
questions 1 there are no limits but
we are not happy then suddenly
first days of holidays with your
buddies you tell me it's good guys I
pay my shot take the tubes you
want it's nice yes but you do
less clever when we wait
arrive with the hello addition so that
will make you 83 euros please
sir 83 euros for three drinks
welcome on vacation mister bah du
blow ah no but gays it's a
joke everyone pays their fear and then
here is 1
and there are also good servers so
let's talk about it I'm so clumsy
few days ago I made a
big blunder I explain
so I was in a bar I drank
something without messing around
in short I ordered a drink a
waiter gave it to me 15 minutes after
knowing that there was nobody in the
bar 1 the guy was angry with me there he
bring me green and he tried to me
talk I say try because they
were not understandable so already
we want to laugh then hello
do it to me that will make you without bodies to
banks every day where these four
fishermen or three chips 2 so that
I'm sorry I do not like him
pay it off and that's where I did
my gaffe
I was with someone and to laugh
I said no but it's not a server
kouassi they found in the street or
what this jester and it turned out
this jester he was right behind me
so I was slightly embarrassed anyway
and we had the good idea to ask him
ice cubes but the problem is that
are still waiting for them good I know that
waiter it's not an easy job but
we recognize the truths between that so
it's two glasses of whiskey a glass
of inverse lemon pastis for the lady
and for the little one a little devil at
fraysse and that's good server
compared to that it was for your
coffee sir lines down I got
cheated forgiveness table without comment
what is very far is that I know
I will never be waiters otherwise
would be careful oh the dumpling
good if not next to all that there are plenty
other things to do on vacation there
to go to the beach visit places
take pictures and there are plenty
other stuff still no I'm kidding but
is that during the holidays we drink
always a bit more than usual a
must admit, but with alcohol must
still learn to be reasonable
especially on vacation because on vacation
there are a lot of people and when
you're drunk beaten by that everyone
because when you're drunk one you read
rarely the smart stuff I know
not if it's me but me for example I
never finish my mom phrases if you
see this video I said that for
laugh go I've never seen my life
it's not me no
yeah I know I have the pieces but
good holidays or axa stops too
one so this little bonus video is
over it was really to make you
wait before having two videos in
August so already first it will be
episode 2 of I need you that
a lot of people are waiting and I think
towards the end of August will follow the first podcast
of year season 2 of my chain so
I hope you will be present for the
fishpond
or to watch it because it's a
video recently I passed the stage
5000 subscribers and thank you
a lot
and to thank you I offer you the
opportunity to choose my theme for the
first podcast of season 2 do not miss
not your luck and besides I you
offers this beautiful pair of glasses
unbreakable ah no it's at carglass
the principle is very simple in
comments you put the theme with
your name will explain why
after once a date not these numbers
a draw and I will put the theme
that someone gave me and why the
name is because during the video
I will thank the one who gave me the
simply theme
See you